class is a blueprint that contains attributes and methods
i have a class who are using that class are objects
inside  the class
security to the data,wrapping the data and methods -->(encapsulation)(instagram)
Inheritance(linkeidn)
same actions different bhehaviour
same method different forms---->poly(youtube)youtube premium 
hiding the internal complexity--->abstraction (phonepay)


------Notes------

1. Why do we need OOP?
A.Procedural programming is good for small programs, whereas OOP is useful for large and complex programs because it makes the code organized, reusable, easy to maintain, and secure.

2. What is OOP?
A. OOP (Object-Oriented Programming) is a programming approach that organizes a program using classes and objects.

3. Class
A. class is a blueprint that contains attributes and methods.
variables---->are attributes
attribiute-->a container goinng 
functions ---->are methods

4. Object
A. An object is an instance created from a class.

5. Features of OOPs
The four main features of OOP are:
Encapsulation
Inheritance
Polymorphism
Abstraction

6. Encapsulation 
Encapsulation means wrapping data and methods together inside a class and protecting the data from direct access.
Example::(Instagram)
“In Instagram, your password is hidden and cannot be directly accessed by other users. This is an example of data protection through Encapsulation.

7. Inheritance 
A.Inheritance means one class can acquire the properties and methods of another class.
Example:A profile can use common details and also add its own additional details, similar to how a child class reuses parent features and adds new features.

8. Polymorphism 
Polymorphism means the same method or action can have different forms or behaviors.
YouTube Example ▶️

Same action: Watching a video

YouTube Premium user → Watches without ads.
YouTube Non-Premium user → Watches with ads.

9. Abstraction 🏧
Abstraction means hiding the complexity 


11.how to declare a empty block of code --->pass

create a class --->class create a class 

attributes -->2 types--->class attribiutes,instance attribiutes
class variables/attributes-->variabels decalred inside the class
instance variables/attributes--->the variable defined by a object ,based on user,defined outside the class,we used a self parameter refering to object
attributes-->depends on user-->instance attributes (flipkart-->products,discount)
class attributesare goinngto define inside the class 

method-->3 types--->class method,instance method,static method
doesn't care the class or method --.staticmetjpd

add functionality to my function is called decorator